I am AI accelerating your discoveries to
solve the great challenges of our time
I am a visionary
bringing characters to life with more
natural movement
generating brilliant new worlds for them
to explore
and inventing new ways to bring out the
creative genius in us all
I am a protector leading the way into
the most dangerous environments
and searching for signs of life
[Music]
I am a guardian listening for the sounds
of destruction to save our forests
and using satellites to bring freedom to
those who are enslaved
I am a navigator finding safer paths for
cross-country deliveries
in taking personal travel to new heights
I am a scientist exploring oceans of
data to understand extreme weather
patterns
and studying the building blocks of life
and to save a community from hunger
I am a healer
giving hope to those who suffer from the
most challenging diseases
and tapping into the brain to rejuvenate
paralyzed limbs
I am even the composer of the music
you're hearing
I am a I brought to life by Nvidia deep
learning and brilliant minds everywhere
[Music]